

Raymond Ivey - Post Mortem for Project 2

I personally found this project to be much more challenging that Project 1 for a few reasons. The first was easily mismanaging the time I had to complete the assignment. Because I missed class on the Wednesday after the first project was due, I missed vital instructions on starter code for Project 2. I ended up not actually starting on the Project until that next monday. Looking back, I could have easily spent that first week and weekend coding and improving my layout, then spent week 2 working on the actual image editing code. This leads into my second major challenge, which was figuring out how to properly code the buttons to edit the image. I thank Levi Pole mostly for this, as a few discoveries he made greatly helped in this, mainly the idea of using global variables for the Bitmap and Copy Bitmap, as well as a few alterations to code provided to us. However, because of my lack of time management and proper effort, I wasn't able to figure out how to save the image, or how to access the gallery and choose an image from there. I believe that if I HAD properly managed my time in regards to the project, I could have figured out how to resolve both of those issues. One feature that I wanted to code but ultimately could not finish before the project due date was a Clear button that would have reset the image, as well as a Remove Last effect button. Both of these I had figured out, but once again poor time management led to me having to cut them from the final version. To future students, I would easily say the best advice is to manage your time properly, start on the assignment as soon as you can. Being able to take something we did in a previous class and implement it into an actual workable app was definitely the most fun part of the assignment, as I personally have not had many chances to do that before. The most challenging part was trying to figure out how to save the image, which was not something I ended up being able to figure out. For right now, I would say the only change that I think would be good would maybe extending the due dates of the projects by a day or two. However, since I'm not entirely sure that extending the due date would be necessary, as I'd like to complete Project 3 and see how that goes.
